README.md, before:

Purpose:

I created this repo to serve as a reproducable starter template to accelerate the development process for standard
websites and to serve as a base template for more complex websites and web applications. The aim was to include as many
production ready configurations as possible. Alongside that, I have made use of best practices regarding seperation of
concerns, security, project structure and naming conventions.

Requirements:

This template makes use of python 3 and has been tested for usage with python 3.8 to 3.10. While
Docker is not strictly required, it is strongly recommended as it allows for reproducable results in both development
and production environments. All further dependencies are installed through the install.py file.

Getting Started:

1) clone repository
2) Run install.sh

Install

1) create virtual environment
2) install all dependencies
3) run setup.py which will set environment variables for development and create an ENV for django-secret_key
4) run the standard make migrations to create database tables
5) migrate those changes to your database tables
6) run the create superuser script

Settings

- Create base settings file which will import the settings from either production or development depending on the
  ENV_NAME.

Views

- using class based views

Commit message:

include todo list
- refactor conventions used into a list format
- include python conventions

README.md, after:

Purpose:

I created this repo to serve as a reproducable starter template to accelerate the development process for standard
websites and to serve as a base template for more complex websites and web applications. The aim was to include as many
production ready configurations as possible. Alongside that, I have made use of best practices regarding seperation of
concerns, security, project structure and naming conventions.

Conventions

- Python
    - Follows object oriented programming
    - Follows pep8 standard and makes use of pylint to ensure this
    - Makes use of snakecase naming convention
    - All strings are encapsulated with double quotes("") for strings and single quotes for character escaping(')
    - Use of global variables is avoided except where usage of such has been done by Django
- Django
  - Follows class based views
  - Seperation of settings into production and development environments and inherits the correct settings based on the set environment variable ENV_NAME
  - Make use of the templating engine to inherit from base template


Requirements:

This template makes use of python 3 and has been tested for usage with python 3.8 to 3.10. While Docker is not strictly
required, it is strongly recommended as it allows for reproducable results in both development and production
environments. All further dependencies are installed through the install.py file.

Getting Started:

1) clone repository
2) Run install.sh

Install

1) create virtual environment
2) install all dependencies
3) run setup.py which will set environment variables for development and create an ENV for django-secret_key
4) run the standard make migrations to create database tables
5) migrate those changes to your database tables
6) run the create superuser script

Settings

- Create base settings file which will import the settings from either production or development depending on the
  ENV_NAME.

TODO:

- setup email:
- install pylint
- include email setup into install file
- import coverage
- create unit test for existing routes
- create setup for various SQL options.
- create docker file
- setup gunicorn
- setup nginx
- create production deployment files
- include downloading of static into production file
- convert repo into django template
